BookB-Pset_GeoScienceFeatureTypeFault (#621)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/f/FaultGeologicHistory_2VqusjTyz7Rwv4WEaW6XDu/Documentation.md

> Contains a text, possibly formatted with formal syntax, describing the age of the ShearDisplacementStructure (where age is a sequence of events and may include process and environment information).

Reviewer: Also.

> Contains a text, possibly formatted with formal syntax, describing the age of the ShearDisplacementStructure (where age is a sequence of events and may include process and environment information).

Author: ```suggestion
Description of the age of the ShearDisplacementStructure, possibly formatted with formal syntax, (where age is a sequence of events and may include process and environment information).

> NOTE: Definition according to OGC Geoscience Markup Language 4.1 (GeoSciML) (8.9.8.9 geologicHistory)
```

Reviewer: Editing proposal "Description of the age of the ShearDisplacementStructure, possibly formatted with formal syntax ..."

@larswik can you amend your proposal?
